jMonad
======

Monadic JavaScript
------------------

Wrestling with events, the stack, state, and the user all at once has proven
too much to keep in my head all at one time. Functional programming has
[monads][1].  [Haskell][2] programmers in particular rave about them. Inspired
by a [blog post by Patrick Thomson][3] I decided that JavaScript programmers
could use monads too. So far it is frickin awesome.

Also, check [this out][4]. It is a good real world analogy of why monads can
make complex programs easier to build in any language.

I'll document this project as soon as I have time. In the mean time you may
want to check out the RELEASE_NOTES and test.index.html.

My name is Kris Walker. Contact me with questions.

Licensed under The MIT License
------------------------------

Copyright (c) 2009 - 2010 Fireworks Technology Projects Inc.
[www.fireworksproject.com](http://www.fireworksproject.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

 [1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monad_%28functional_programming%29
 [2]: http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Monad_tutorials_timeline
 [3]: http://importantshock.wordpress.com/2009/01/18/jquery-is-a-monad/
 [4]: http://www.haskell.org/all_about_monads/html/analogy.html

